three or
four three or
four so if you look around the entire
world at your classic line of
poetry it's going to be a breath to say
a line and it's going to be three or
four beads of meter on the line just
look at the first one our sheet
here uh Through the upper and lower
worlds, body and soul, Through your
softness and hardness, through wetness
and
roil, Through the upper and lower worlds
body and soul, breath Through your
body and soul breath Through your
softness and hardness, your wetness and
roil, breath May I rock in your mystery,
speaking and whole, breath Like the rockweeds
You rock in your undersea coil!
You rock in your undersea coil
breath
how many beats do you hear stronger
beats in in each of these
lines Through the upper and lower worlds,
body and soul, what do I mean by beats?